hello everybody Greg George here and I'm
coming to day via video because i want
to show you how easy it is to roll your
own sushi at home and today i'm going to
show you how to make spicy tuna roll
which is by the way my favorite sushi on
earth but anyway with spicy tuna roll or
any kind of sushi if the key will be to
have the right ingredients and the first
ingredient to make good sushi is you got
to have the right right got to have
sushi rice you can find that particular
kind of rice an asian markets or upscale
grocery store chains so you got to have
them the right rice okay and then to
make it all happen have a rash now you
can have this type of rap i also use soy
wraps to make let me just show you a
quick video of a soil rap therefore may
be more health conscious people but
anyway you have to have the rice the rap
and then the ingredients and the
ingredients are very simple for spicy
tuna roll fresh tuna number one you got
to have fresh tuna then you take that
tuna you chop it up into slices which
I've already chopped up the tender for
this video but you chop it up in the
nice smaller chunks okay and then you
mix it you take Japanese mayonnaise not
your mayonnaise in the refrigerator
Japanese mayonnaise and sriracha you
take these two ingredients you put them
in the chunks of tuna and then you throw
some scallions up in here and that's
what makes the content for the spicy
tuna roll so basically i mix those
scallions and you can paddle down here
if you like i keep firing those in there
where I got a good mixture ratio again
tuna Japanese mayonnaise and sriracha
and then this guidance and then simply
audios I take down that content I get my
rack okay I make sure that the dull side
is down I come over and get that rice I
was telling you about that by the way I
put Japanese vinegar in to make it
tastes just right okay and you can find
that also the Asian market
the up still grocery store chain I've
got my rice all tiny in that rap i
simply i generally grab it with my hands
I take my content and I easily place it
in the wrap then I throw in a little
line of cucumbers there put it all
straight and basically I just start
working it I try to tighten up that rap
just tighten it up and try to start
getting it even to where I know it'll
cut just right ok now just work it you
got to work it there's all kinds of
apparatus you've seen these bamboo
rollers and things like that I've been
doing this for so long that basically I
just work it with my bare hands and then
you've got that role then you get a you
know a knife you know sharp make some
nice cuts on it ok it's a little the
spicy tuna roll is a little more own
juicier than the California roll and it
moves around so be careful with that
basically I've got some nice little
rolls here and then your pen in this is
the finished product here I've got two
lined up with some California roll I
made earlier but the bottom that is
sushi is very easy to make in your own
home it's very inexpensive and it tastes
very good thanks